[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to Beyond Belief.
I'm George Noory.
You know, one of the great
mysteries of this planet
has to do with the sightings
of a creature called
Sasquatch, Bigfoot.
Christine Parker
lives in Arkansas,
and she has been plagued
with these sightings.
Let's take a look.
>>NARRATOR: For many,
Bigfoot is a source
of endless fascination.
But for one woman, he is
a source of constant fear.
Christine Parker
claims Bigfoot is
just one of many
unknown beings living
in the forest near her house,
shattering her reality.
In the "100 Bigfoot
Nights" series,
she meticulously
chronicles her family's
sufferings, as well as evidence
of what exactly is out there.
That includes unexplained
property damage
and relentless harassment.
She explains the only myth about
Bigfoot is that he is harmless.
Today on Beyond Belief.
>>NOORY: So what
you're going to hear
today is Christine's
story, the story
of Bigfoot, a family
of Bigfoot that
have plagued her and her
family for how many years now,
Christine?
>>CHRISTINE PARKER:
Since the night
we discovered them
was October 13th,
2012, that we became aware that
they were in the neighborhood.
>>NOORY: Now when you say
you say, "became aware,"
what was that?
What happened?
>>PARKER: It was the night
that we heard a howl.
We heard it holler
for the first time.
Prior to that, we had lived in
the house for several years,
and strange things would happen.
But we never put-- you
would never think that.
You would never put
two and two together.
>>NOORY: Were you scared
when you heard the howl?
>>PARKER: No.
It was more that
it was something
you never heard before,
and you were more curious.
An animal or something
making that sound.
>>NOORY: We're going to listen
to some sounds in a moment,
but were these sounds of
wolves or anything like that,
or just something you
had never heard before?
>>PARKER: Just something
we had never heard before.
My husband had-- what happened
was my husband had set up
our Halloween
decorations for the year,
and he spent the
day decorating it.
And that night, he went outside
to adjust the spotlights.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>PARKER: And each
year we buy new stuff
for the following year.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>PARKER: He bought a big blowup
tree with ghosts on top of it.
It had ghosts around the top.
And he put it on
the front porch.
So he goes out that
evening, and he
goes to set the spotlights,
so everything shines.
And he hears it.
It starts hollering.
And he hears this hollering.
Right away, he thinks, you know,
am I hearing this correctly?
Then he hears it again.
Then he realizes
something's wrong.
You know how you
get that feeling?
>>NOORY: Yes.
It's in your gut, right?
>>PARKER: Because it's
vibrating through him,
and the sound is so
loud that he thinks,
you know, something's wrong.
And he listens.
He hears it again.
So he gets up, and he
gets into the house.
And he keeps his
eye on the forest,
but he gets into the house.
And he comes in there, and
I'm watching television.
I'm sitting on the
couch with the dogs.
I'm just enjoying a show.
>>NOORY: Just being you.
>>PARKER: Being me.
And he comes in, and
he leans over to me.
And I'm thinking,
he's back so fast.
He just went out there.
And he tells me, you want
to hear something strange
coming from the forest?
And he's behind me on the
couch, and I look at him,
and I'm like, what?
What is it?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>PARKER: I don't
want to go outside.
I don't want to hear it.
I don't want to get up.
I'm on the couch.
And he says, it's something
I've never heard before.
You've got to hear this.
So I'm thinking, oh, god.
What is it?
Like a dog?
Can you just give me an idea?
No.
It's nothing I've
ever heard before.
>>NOORY: How close was
the sound to your house?
>>PARKER: Across the street.
Across a street.
Across the street
from our house.
>>NOORY: You could throw
a rock across the street.
>>PARKER: Oh, yeah.
>>NOORY: That close.
>>PARKER: Our house is here.
It sits on a corner, and
it rolls around the corner.
Across the street from us--
>>NOORY: Neighbors.
>>PARKER: There's no
neighbors on one side,
because we're at the end
of the housing track.
So on one side of us, it goes
around, and it's the end.
And there's houses behind us.
And then on the
other side, there's
like an easement, quite a bit.
And then the next
house starts, and then
houses on both sides of the
street go up from there.
Across the street from our
house, there's a forest.
I thought it was a vacant lot.
And then past it, there's a
house that sits next to it,
and then the houses start.
So it's just-- it would
be as if your house were
here, and across the street,
you had a vacant lot.
And then it goes
around the corner,
and there's a house that
sits on the corner over here.
And then the rest of it is
just the forest, you know,
and what's there, the
lot, whatever it is.
I didn't know it was that far.
And then across is our house.
So it's across the street.
Our mailbox sits directly
across the street from where
the pathway goes into it.
I thought it was just--
it has an easement,
a 10-foot easement.
We have our house, the
street, the 10-foot easement,
and then all of a sudden,
the tree line starts.
And then there's a pathway,
and then past the tree line,
there's more trees,
and I mean they're big.
They go all the way back.
Well, I thought
it was just a lot.
I'm from California.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>PARKER: You think they're--
>>NOORY: Much bigger
than a lot, right?
>>PARKER: Well, yeah, but I
thought it was a vacant lot.
You know, all those
houses behind it.
There's houses next to it.
>>NOORY: But it's
pretty woodsy, right?
>>PARKER: It's woodsy, you know.
So that's where we heard it.
And when I came-- when
he heard it that night,
I went out the front
door, and I started
to walk across the porch.
And that thing went off again.
And I could hear it, and
I went, what is that?
>>NOORY: But did
it sound animal?
>>PARKER: It-- you knew
it had to be an animal,
and it sounded like something
in pain or something screaming.
But it wasn't an animal that
you could recognize because
of the volume and because--
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>PARKER: --it was a tone.
It was a "wah!"
I mean this thing went off.
>>NOORY: Well, I want to
listen to some of these sounds,
so what we're going
to do is we're
going to play a series of
three for you several times.
This one-- we have one that is
called The Language Number One.
We're going to listen to that.
We're going to listen to one
that is called the Mommy Mommy
Mother.
I'll have you explain
that for us, Christine.
And then we'll hear
some other vocal cries,
so let's listen to these three.
[MUFFLED SOUNDS]
All right, Christine.
Let's go through those first
three sounds that we heard.
Very strange, I'll admit that.
What was the first one
we were listening to?
>>PARKER: The first one was the
night we cut back the forest,
the day we cut it.
I had seen a tree
move that afternoon
looking out the window, because
they were there during the day.
And it's scary.
So I told my husband
when he woke up,
I said, if we just cut the
front of the forest, the lower
branches along the side,
they couldn't hide there.
And then I-- because I thought
it was ridiculous to be-- it
was in the beginning.
>>NOORY: At that
point, you still
don't know what we're
talking about here, right?
>>PARKER: Well, we
found out that night,
and then an
investigator comes out,
and we go through a
whole investigation.
OK?
We're on--
>>NOORY: A Bigfoot sighter.
>>PARKER: A Bigfoot
investigator, yes,
comes to the house.
And after all that happens,
and we stop going in the forest
and place-- doing all the
stuff they do, one day--
>>NOORY: Did you call
them, or what happened?
>>PARKER: Oh.
Yeah, what happened
was after we heard it,
we didn't know what it was.
>>NOORY: And that's that
first sound we just heard.
>>PARKER: That was the first
one I was telling you about.
And after we-- we
couldn't identify it.
So I kept listening to howls.
I kept going on the internet
and listening and listening,
because I needed to identify it.
I had to know what it was.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>PARKER: I mean it's
not something you forget.
And our son finally came in,
and I had played all of them,
and I was getting a headache.
And he came in, and he
said, here, let me do it.
So he started playing
them on the computer,
and I sat on the couch.
And he was playing them and
playing them and playing them,
and then he played one,
and it was perfect.
It sounded just like it.
The only thing was the one we
heard was louder and clearer.
I was relieved.
I thought, oh, my god.
Thank god you found
what animal did it.
You know, you found it.
And I said, what
kind of animal is it?
And he said, it's a Bigfoot.
It was a recording
of a Bigfoot in Ohio.
>>NOORY: Did it freak you out?
>>PARKER: Oh, god, yes.
I thought-- I couldn't
believe what he said.
And he said, it's
a Bigfoot sound.
And it just didn't register.
I thought, you got
to be kidding me.
So I get up, and I
go to the computer.
I want to see what
he's talking about.
Like let me see what
you're looking at.
So he showed me the recording.
He said, this is what
it's identified as.
And I thought, no way.
But it was the sound.
It was it.
Now when I was playing howlings,
Bigfoot kept coming up.
I kept ignoring it.
I would have never
played them, never.
The last thing on my mind.
But he said, no,
that's what it is.
I couldn't believe it.
So then we called my husband
in so that he could hear it.
And he played it for him.
And he listened, and he
goes, yeah that's it,
except the one we heard
was louder and clearer.
What kind of animal is it?
That's what he said.
I couldn't even speak, and
my son said, Dad, Bigfoot.
>>NOORY: It's Bigfoot.
>>PARKER: My husband
went-- he looked at me,
looked at him like,
are you kidding me?
And then he turned
around, and he left.
He just walked out.
>>NOORY: Well, we heard the
howlings in the second clip,
but the third, I heard
a lot of dogs barking.
What was that?
>>PARKER: Yeah.
Those are our dogs.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>PARKER: The Bigfoots
approach the fence.
OK.
We had a dog at the time.
She passed since-- Foxy.
She was the oldest.
This dog used to wake us up.
It's three years
I'm trying to cover,
but she used to always
bark a warning bark, what
we know now is a
warning bark, but we
didn't know that at the time.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>PARKER: She always
would go out there
and stand on the porch.
She'd want to go
out late at night.
She'd hit the door,
and we'd say, Foxy.
We'd let her out.
She'd go outside.
She's down on the
porch, and she'd just
go off, bah, bah,
bah, doing that bark.
She'd go out there,
bark, we're thinking
waking up all the neighbors,
1, 2 o'clock in the morning.
She'd come back in.
We'd say, Foxy, get in
here, and quit that barking.
She'd get in.
Then she'd just look at us.
She would never go
to the fence, and she
would-- that was what
we found interesting
was that she would bark, but
she wouldn't go near the fence.
We have a huge fence.
>>NOORY: She sensed something.
>>PARKER: She would just
want to go out there,
and it would be
like-- it was weird.
She'd go out there and just go
off barking, and then come in.
>>NOORY: And at this point, you
hadn't seen anything, right?
>>PARKER: No.
Well, prior to us
discovering it,
one time when Foxy
was barking-- Foxy
used to bark in the house,
2 o'clock in the morning, 1,
2 o'clock in the morning.
She would lay with her little
face on the window sill.
>>NOORY: She sensed
them outside, right?
>>PARKER: She could see them.
She was watching them.
>>NOORY: How close would
they come to the house?
>>PARKER: They'd come
right up to our house.
>>NOORY: We're going to
get into-- in a moment,
we're going to get
into her descriptions
of these creatures.
We've got some video that
I want you to explain,
which has to do with a Bigfoot
in your neighbor's yard.
So let's take a look at that
while you tell us, Christine,
what we're looking at.
>>PARKER: OK.
>>NOORY: Now what are we
looking at here, Christine?
>>PARKER: This is a
night vision camera
that we placed in
the pool area, which
is outside our French doors.
And the dogs started barking,
and so I began to record it.
At the time, I didn't have
the cameras on recorders.
I would have to place
my camera on a tripod,
and then aim it at
the television screen.
Well, when the dogs started
their barking-- two of them
were barking-- I placed
the camera on the tripod,
and I started to film.
As they kept going on barking,
my husband, of course,
went out to look.
And he noticed that the
neighbor was outside.
Our neighbor, who I
called Bob in the book,
he was out there
tending his garden--
>>NOORY: What are we--
>>PARKER: --chasing something.
>>NOORY: What are we looking
at on the far right hand
side walking by?
Did you see that?
>>PARKER: Mm-hm.
>>NOORY: Is that it?
The creature?
>>PARKER: The dark
one, see the dark?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>PARKER: Yeah.
>>NOORY: It's on the far
right hand side of the screen.
In the video
portion, you actually
saw this thing move through,
so that's it right there.
>>PARKER: Mm-hm.
They go back and forth.
There's more than one.
>>NOORY: You could see his arms.
You could see the head, and he's
hairy as all get up, isn't he?
>>PARKER: It appears to be so.
You know, it's
what it looks like
and what it was
looking like when
they were going around Bob.
Bob was out there.
He was human.
And you could clearly
see the difference
between him and them.
Of course, I cut him
out of the video,
because I don't want to
film my neighbor, you know.
>>NOORY: There again,
there he goes again
on the far right hand
side, really fast.
>>PARKER: Goes across.
>>NOORY: Here it comes again.
There it is, and
then it goes back.
How many creatures, Christine,
do you think are out there?
>>PARKER: Well--
>>NOORY: In your neighborhood.
>>PARKER: I've seen a group--
>>NOORY: There's
a family of them.
>>PARKER: Quite a few.
Mm-hm.
Quite a few of them, and I don't
think they're from one family.
I think there are-- I think
they gather sometimes,
and I think they're
different ones,
because I've seen different
ones, different types.
But I think that even
the type that I've seen,
I think that there are
more than one group.
>>NOORY: Describe
what they look like.
>>PARKER: Well, the
one in particular
when I first saw those,
they took animal-like.
They don't look anything like--
>>NOORY: They're
walking on two feet?
>>PARKER: Yeah.
They're on two feet,
but they are thin.
They're not real big and bulky.
>>NOORY: Muscular.
>>PARKER: No.
No, they're muscular,
but they're thin.
Thin.
>>NOORY: Like they work out.
>>PARKER: Like they
work out on steroids.
Mm-hm.
Very muscular.
Smaller than you would expect.
The darker ones, which are the
type that we have, the more
animal type, are smaller.
They're probably between
seven to eight feet tall,
which I consider smaller
compared to the other ones.
>>NOORY: Right.
That's a pretty good size.
>>PARKER: But they
are still good size.
>>NOORY: You mean there
are bigger ones than that?
>>PARKER: Yes.
There are bigger ones.
But the one-- I
used to watch him
through the night vision scope.
I would go upstairs and watch
him from our bedroom window,
and I would watch to
see what they were doing
and keep an eye on them.
>>NOORY: Were you ever scared?
>>PARKER: God, yes.
Yes.
Not scared-- terrified to
where you can't breathe.
The first time I saw
them, I couldn't breathe.
>>NOORY: But they
never demonstrated
anything that would show
that they would harm you.
Did they?
>>PARKER: Well, just
looking at them,
and my husband was
hit with a car.
They tried to hit
him in the car.
And the fact that they
approached the house,
I saw things that
they did in the forest
with-- I didn't write
that in the book.
Some stuff I didn't
write, because I
didn't want to tell that part.
>>NOORY: What did they do?
>>PARKER: Well, they're animals.
So naturally, they're going
to hurt other animals.
It's just dumb.
>>NOORY: So they
caught something?
>>PARKER: They-- I saw them one
time when I was watching them,
and they had a little
fawn, a little deer.
>>NOORY: And tore it apart.
>>PARKER: It was
just-- it was weird,
because the little deer
wasn't running from them.
They were playing with it.
They weren't-- it wasn't like,
let me kill it and rip it
and eat it.
>>NOORY: And eat it.
>>PARKER: No.
It was more like they surrounded
it, and it had nowhere to go.
And they kind of pet it,
you know like between them.
>>NOORY: They played with
it, and then they killed it?
>>PARKER: And it was
the way they killed it
that was really strange, because
it was like the little deer was
moving.
You know a little deer-
you could see it moving.
You could see its little ears.
You know, its little
ears were flopping,
and you could see that a little.
And then--
>>NOORY: You seem
upset about this.
>>PARKER: Yeah, I
don't like that part,
you know, that one,
because he was so cute.
And there was
nothing you could do.
We'd watch, and there's
And it was the way they did it.
They-- it was like the
little deer was moving,
and he was standing
like on upright.
And then all of a sudden,
it looked like one of them
put their hand underneath
it, and they just, I
think, say snapped its
neck or snapped it.
And then it wasn't
moving anymore.
It just-- but it didn't fall.
It didn't hit the ground.
It didn't collapse,
and it didn't fall.
It was like animated.
It's still in the position.
>>NOORY: You think they ate it?
>>PARKER: I didn't
see them eat it.
I didn't see them eat it.
All I saw of them
was play with it,
and then I saw them kill it.
>>NOORY: Now when they
came up to your house--
and I want you to really tell us
this story-- what did you see?
>>PARKER: Well, there's
been a few incidents where
they come to the house, OK?
And on one incident
in particular-- well,
one incident, they tried
to turn the door knob.
OK.
>>NOORY: Like they wanted in?
>>PARKER: Yeah, they
were trying to get--
they've tried to get in twice.
Two times they've tried
to enter the house.
>>NOORY: Thank God they
don't break windows, huh?
>>PARKER: I don't know why.
I write in the
book, why don't they
pull-- come through the doors?
But the first time was
when they were in the pool,
and we had gone out there.
It was late at night.
We had let the dogs out,
because the dogs always go out
during the night, which
we don't do anymore.
But we had let the dogs out,
and I went to get the dogs back
in, because we thought
as long as we left
the French doors
open, the curtains,
and we were there
with them that they
wouldn't hurt the dogs, because
they kept approaching the dogs.
And, you know,
the dogs were out.
And we tried not
to let them out,
but they just wanted to get out.
And I was bringing the dogs in,
and I noticed there was water
all around the pool.
We have a swimming pool.
Just massive amounts of
water, and then footprints.
And they go-- if you got
out of the swimming pool,
you would only make footprints
for maybe, I would say,
five to 10 feet.
We're talking 40
feet-plus of footprints.
We're talking massive amounts
of water and footprints.
>>NOORY: They're like a sponge.
>>PARKER: I mean literally.
And I noticed it, and I
told my husband-- I said,
did the dogs fall in the pool?
So we checked the
dogs, and I told him,
you've got to see this.
>>NOORY: So they
were in your pool?
>>PARKER: Oh, yeah.
They drink, and they
go in there and-- well,
that one was in the pool.
And we went outside,
and I photographed
all the footprints.
I have all the photos,
because I photograph.
If I see something,
I photograph it.
We photographed the footprints,
and we come back in the house,
and my husband-- I was upset,
because this was the first time
that they had gotten in there.
And we knew they were getting
in the side area, you know,
side pool area.
I was very upset.
And so we watched a show.
It was probably-- it was coming
upon 3 o'clock in the morning,
because we were out
there taking footprints.
I think it was 1:52 AM, and we
took the footprints, pictures.
I could tell by the pictures.
And I couldn't focus on that.
I couldn't wait till morning,
because what I wanted to do
was I wanted to call
the investigator,
and I wanted to send
him the pictures,
because I wanted to know
what was in our pool.
And I had an idea of what
was in the pool, obviously,
but I wanted an expert.
I wanted to know for a fact
that what these footprints were,
because they don't look
like what you would assume--
you know, like you-- because
I photographed some of it
in the snow.
I have a footprint in the snow,
but the footprints in the pool
look different.
They look different,
because I guess the water
runoff and the way they step.
I don't know.
>>NOORY: How big were the feet?
Like this?
>>PARKER: Yeah, 16 inches.
And then there were
some little ones too.
Well, I don't know if
they were fading off,
and they just looked little.
I don't know if-- it's water.
>>NOORY: I want to listen
to some more sounds
here, Christine.
We would.
We've got more howls.
We've got mimicking sounds.
Let's listen to the--
>>PARKER: Oh, yeah,
the Mommy one too.
>>NOORY: Let's listen
to the next three.
[MUFFLED SOUNDS]
Strange sounds.
I mean, my god, what are they?
>>PARKER: I don't know.
Some of the sounds I let
the investigator listen to,
and he identifies them.
And when he identifies
them and tells me
this is the reason why
we identify it as such--
because he's been
investigating for 25 years--
then I know, OK,
that's what it was.
>>NOORY: Like a bird--
>>PARKER: Some of them.
Exactly.
Some of them, he--
we hear them coming.
In other words, before
the audio records,
we hear the bushes moving.
We hear the breaking.
You can hear them.
They're not-- sometimes
they're not quiet.
Sometimes they are quiet.
But they were-- you can hear
them approaching the house.
You could hear
the bushes moving.
You could hear the--
you just can hear it.
>>NOORY: What do
their faces look like?
>>PARKER: They
look like animals.
I look at the gorilla,
and it's similar, similar.
But there's differences.
The dog--
>>NOORY: Is it
dark, dark pigment?
>>PARKER: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Or is it all hair?
>>PARKER: On the
face, on the mouth,
it's just pigment on this part.
But their nose--
>>NOORY: Is it dark
pigment, or is it white?
What color is it?
>>PARKER: I looked through the
night vision scope on the face.
Only one did I see
from the neck down
like the body, the
color, the everything.
The rest of them I
see through the scope,
through the night vision scope.
>>NOORY: OK.
And you can't determine--
>>PARKER: So I can't determine
color, other than they're dark,
because that's what I see.
I see the black one,
the black black.
>>NOORY: Like an ape would be.
>>PARKER: Yeah.
The facial features
is the brows up here.
Their brows are protruding,
so their eyes look recessed,
but their eyes are very big.
The snout on them are
the nose, and well, we're
talking about Bigfoot, so.
>>NOORY: And they look
more animal than human.
>>PARKER: Absolutely.
Nothing human.
The nose, the snout comes out
like this comes out, protrudes.
>>NOORY: Like a dog?
>>PARKER: Similar, but
the nose is at the tip.
It's at the end.
It's not like the
nose comes down.
I don't know how
ape-- I don't know
if their nose goes this way.
>>NOORY: Well, when you
look at the snout of a dog,
the nose is right out
there on the tip, right?
>>PARKER: Yeah, it's on the tip.
It comes to the end of the
mouth, the end of the snout.
That's what I found strange
was that the shape comes down,
and it comes to the end.
>>NOORY: So you'd have
the brow out here,
and then the nose comes out
with the mouth like that.
>>PARKER: Well, the
mouth doesn't come down.
It doesn't curve down.
It doesn't curve.
It's a solid like flat here.
>>NOORY: It goes up
and down like our jaws.
>>PARKER: Mm-hm.
>>NOORY: And they're about seven
to eight feet tall you say.
>>PARKER: Them were, that kind.
>>NOORY: What makes you think
that they could be dangerous?
>>PARKER: Oh, I know
they're dangerous.
>>NOORY: To people?
>>PARKER: I know they
can be dangerous.
Oh, yeah.
>>NOORY: Have they ever
attacked you or your family?
>>PARKER: They have.
They hit my husband while he
was driving down the street.
>>NOORY: What do you
mean they hit him?
>>PARKER: They hit the car.
>>NOORY: With what?
>>PARKER: Theirselves
or their hands.
They hit it just
enough so that it
would fishtail so
that he would get out
to see what hit the car.
>>NOORY: And then they'd
grab him or something.
>>PARKER: That's what I believe.
I believe that.
>>NOORY: But haven't they had
opportunities, Christine, now
to grab you and your family?
This has been going
on for three years.
>>PARKER: They haven't had
opportunities to grab me.
They haven't had the
opportunity to grab me.
>>NOORY: Have they
come up to the house?
>>PARKER: They have.
They've banged on the door.
They've tried to open the door.
>>NOORY: They bang on the door.
>>PARKER: Oh, yeah.
One night one was
banging on the door.
>>NOORY: Well, as
a matter of fact,
we have some sounds of what
could be Bigfoot knocking.
Let's listen in on that.
[MUFFLED KNOCKS]
How do you know that
was a Bigfoot knocking?
I mean did you peek
out and see them?
>>PARKER: No.
We have recorded
knocking before, OK?
And the first time I
recorded them knocking,
it puts you back, because--
>>NOORY: You don't
want to go to the door.
>>PARKER: Well,
you don't hear it.
You don't hear it.
It records, but yet
you don't hear it.
I didn't hear it.
You don't hear that.
It just records.
You could hear it on
the audio recorder,
which is by the front door.
>>NOORY: But you can't hear the
physical, [KNOCKS], knocking.
>>PARKER: You don't hear
the physical knocking,
so the first time it
occurred, I always listen.
When I post sounds
or I save the sounds,
I always listen
for something else.
It can't just be a knocking.
It can't just be them
crawling up to the house,
and you can create those sounds.
Those are just sounds
that anybody hears.
You can hear anything,
so they're no good to me.
If it's crawling
up the house, if it
doesn't make a vocal sound,
then you don't know what it is.
So it's just knocking.
In that particular audio,
that's the second time
or the third time it knocked.
I can't remember.
I think it's the second time.
It knocked.
But then you listen.
You can hear it mumbling.
They go, [SLURPING SOUNDS].
That's how they talk.
>>NOORY: Like Wookies.
>>PARKER: Mm-hm.
You hear it.
They knock.
And you know it's them.
And it's like, oh, my god.
It's them knocking.
But unless you hear them
or hear a sound afterwards,
you have to just-- I have a
lot that we had to discount,
where we'd listen to
stuff, and we were like,
oh, my-- you got
to be kidding me.
But it can be-- it
doesn't have any vocals.
So without having a vocal,
even though I could say,
yeah, this is what happened,
and yeah, we heard it,
and this is what--
you don't have it.
>>NOORY: Have they thrown
rocks at your house?
Because I've heard stories
about things like that.
>>PARKER: Yeah.
They don't throw big rocks.
They throw pebbles.
They have been
pebbling our house.
>>NOORY: Just like [INAUDIBLE]--
like they're having fun.
>>PARKER: Like pap, pap.
Well, there are certain
sounds they make, OK?
And when I learned the
sounds of the neighbor, when
I started to listen, and I
listened to audio for hours,
and I started to
distinguish the neighborhood
sounds from the sounds
of them, because I
wanted to know exactly
when they got there.
I wanted to know exactly--
I used to watch them night
after night, and I wanted
to know when they came.
And so I would listen
to the neighborhood,
and then I would identify
the neighborhood sounds
like this sound is
a car, this sound
is this, this sound
is that, because you
have to do it many times.
When they would start, they
have their certain sounds
when they're there, and
pebbles is one of them.
You will hear pebbles.
>>NOORY: I want to look
at another video of what
could be a ghostly apparition.
Explain for us what this is.
So what are we looking
at here, Christine?
>>PARKER: This is my mailbox,
and that's the pathway.
That's the forest.
That's what I was
telling you about.
This is our front yard.
This is our driveway and
mailbox, the pathway,
and then the forest
on both sides.
This particular night,
there was a lot of activity.
You see all the stuff
blowing debris, whatever?
>>NOORY: Is that what that is?
>>PARKER: That's going around.
Yes.
And so what I did was I just
started to run a footage,
started to film it with my
tripod and the camera because
of all the activity.
And I picked up that.
And then I always
try to snapshot it.
>>NOORY: Is that
daytime or same thing?
>>PARKER: This is at night.
That's the same one.
This is what you just saw.
This is the same.
This is the video.
Some nights there's
a lot of activity.
One night reported
a mist showing up,
and it blocked the cameras.
>>NOORY: Well,
what do you think--
or do you think they're
physical or dimensional?
>>PARKER: In the beginning,
we thought-- in the beginning,
we were so naive.
We thought they were
what we had heard
on TV, that they were just
the missing link, so to speak,
or apes.
But after three years of
dealing with these things
and dealing with all the
stuff that we have seen,
recorded and stuff.
>>NOORY: Do you
wish they'd go away?
>>PARKER: Mm-hm.
Yeah.
I wish-- that's the problem.
You have them.
They come out and
investigate them.
Creates more problems, because
now they know that you know.
Now you're in bigger
trouble, so to speak,
and no one can help you.
>>NOORY: Do you
think they're smart?
>>PARKER: Very.
No one can remove them.
No one can help you.
You're on your own.
And if you live across
the street from them,
you're in big trouble.
>>NOORY: Would you shoot one?
>>PARKER: If it came
into the house, yes.
>>NOORY: If it came
into the house.
>>PARKER: We are
armed definitely.
I would not go out there
and hunt one and shoot one.
I would not even
want to, because I'm
going to tell you right now, you
shoot one, you won't survive.
You may get one, but
you will not survive.
You won't survive.
You better leave fast.
>>NOORY: You've compiled these
stories into three books.
This is "100 Bigfoot Nights."
What do you think
these creatures are?
>>PARKER: I don't know.
>>NOORY: Are they
extraterrestrials?
Are they beings that
have been dropped
down here from another planet?
What are they?
>>PARKER: Well, let me
tell you a story, OK?
Because I have lots
of them, obviously.
But things got stranger and
stranger as time went by.
If you started out
with this, and then
it started-- well, for
instance, the one that was
banging on the door that night.
There was nothing
on the cameras.
OK.
It didn't cross the cameras.
We have cameras going this
way, this way at the time.
Now we have way more.
>>NOORY: Almost like
a dimensional feeling?
>>PARKER: Mm-hm.
And then when we get
to the paranormal part,
there is one paranormal
incident that bothers me,
and it still bothers
me to this day.
OK.
They all bother me, but
this one in particular.
It was when I heard
it arrive, and I
heard it walking in
the second-- I thought
it was in my son's room.
I could hear it.
I could hear it arrive, and
I could hear it walking.
And we ended up
determining that it
was an entity-- we'd like
to think it was an entity,
but it bothers me because
the way that it arrived
and the way that it walked.
>>NOORY: You don't think
it was a physical feeling?
>>PARKER: To me, it sounded
physical because of the way
it walked, because I could hear
it, and it was-- it felt heavy.
>>NOORY: You could
hear the thump.
>>PARKER: I could
hear it arrive.
In other words, I
heard it arrive,
and I thought it was a preacher
going on the roof again,
you know, the front porch.
I told my husband, well, there's
one of the front porch again.
Just let it be.
He was going to go
out there with a gun.
>>NOORY: It wasn't Santa
and his reindeer either.
>>PARKER: Mm-mm.
But you know, they
on the front porch,
and they go up to
the higher levels.
You can't see them, and
then you come back down.
I was thinking, well,
it's just one of them.
I told my husband,
just let it be.
As long as they're not trying
to get into the house anymore.
>>NOORY: Well, I
was going to say,
Christine, you do know if
they wanted to attack you,
they could have done
this by now easily.
>>PARKER: Mm-hm.
>>NOORY: They don't
seem to be doing that.
>>PARKER: They could
have killed us easily.
I mean we could have
disappeared one night easily.
>>NOORY: Have you ever
gone out into the woods
and saw them out in the woods?
>>PARKER: Mm-mm.
No.
>>NOORY: Why won't you do that?
You're afraid?
>>PARKER: Mm-hm.
I won't do it.
My son did.
My son has been eye to
eye with them twice.
>>NOORY: Darrell from Texas
writes, why haven't you moved?
>>PARKER: I'm trying.
Tell him my house is
for sale, Darrell.
You want to buy it?
>>NOORY: Are you going to
disclose what's going on?
You have to.
>>PARKER: OK.
We had a big fight over
this, me and my husband.
Not a big fight, but
I think we should.
He says no way, because he said
we will never sell the house.
OK.
We need to get out of our house,
and we would never sell it.
Legally, I don't
have to disclose it.
>>NOORY: Not in Arkansas.
>>PARKER: Mm-mm.
>>NOORY: Philadelphia,
if there are ghosts,
you've got to disclose that.
>>PARKER: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And in some
states you have to.
>>PARKER: Some states you do,
but in my state, you don't.
And so--
>>NOORY: I guess there's
no disclosure for, we're
being stalked by Bigfoot.
>>PARKER: To try and tell
people that would be-- we
would never leave.
You would never sell our house.
We would never get out of there.
>>NOORY: Well, it's difficult to
sell the house now and hide it
with your books out.
>>PARKER: Well, you have to
think at the time, when this
started happening
to us, I didn't
think we'd survive to
tell you the truth.
I didn't think that we would
live long enough for anybody
to know what would happen to us.
>>NOORY: So Christine,
in your series of books--
and you have three
of them out there--
what are you trying to
convey to the people?
What do you want them to know?
>>PARKER: I want them to
know to not do what we did.
>>NOORY: And that was?
>>PARKER: That was be that naive
and mess with these things.
Do not do what we did.
We did everything wrong.
>>NOORY: What would you do?
Ignore them?
>>PARKER: I wouldn't
ignore them,
but I wouldn't chase
them, and I wouldn't
take photographs of them.
I wouldn't try to bait them, and
I wouldn't do an investigation
on them.
>>NOORY: I think what you
did was brilliant myself.
I mean to document the
possibility of Bigfoot
out there.
Somebody's got to do this.
>>PARKER: I know, but I
didn't want it to be me.
I would rather it
be somebody else.
>>NOORY: Unfortunately,
it was you.
It was your house.
>>PARKER: Yeah.
It had to be done.
It had to be,
because at the time,
I thought that we
wouldn't survive.
I really did.
I really thought that
we would disappear.
>>NOORY: They could
kill you at some time.
>>PARKER: Not only them,
but I thought there
was a cover-up too involved.
>>NOORY: Are you comfortable
with them out there?
>>PARKER: No.
No.
Never will be, never.
Never, no.
>>NOORY: I mean do you think
that if you saw one and waved,
they would wave back?
>>PARKER: No.
>>NOORY: They don't
have that kind of--
>>PARKER: No, no.
>>NOORY: --intelligence.
>>PARKER: I'll put it this way.
They have their own agenda.
Whatever that is, I don't know.
But you're just a
means to an end.
>>NOORY: But you're pretty well
convinced that they're animals.
>>PARKER: No.
>>NOORY: You're not.
I don't know what they are.
>>NOORY: You were
in the beginning.
>>PARKER: In the beginning--
well, in the beginning,
I'm only going off what I
learned, what I see on TV.
I thought they were just-- that
you could capture them and put
them in a cage and put them in
a-- you know, like an animal.
That's not what they are.
>>NOORY: Patty from
Maine wants to know
if you've seen a pattern with
them, anything you can predict.
>>PARKER: No.
The only thing that I did--
when I write the books,
I'm writing them,
and I'm living it.
So as I'm going through it,
I don't notice any patterns
until I get done.
And then you go back, and you
read it, and then I see things.
I say, oh, my god.
Oh, my god.
This is why.
As far as patterns
with them, no.
I do notice that they'll
mess with us like they'll
do something really, really
bad or horrific to really get
us worked up and upset like
try to get into the house,
and then it'll be like they're
not there for three weeks.
It'll look vacant.
It'll be calm, quiet.
I mean gone.
And just when you
think, oh, they're gone.
They moved on, or
you know, you're not
going to have any problems
anymore, next thing you know,
bam.
They're there again.
And they do things that--
I try to warn people,
if you hear someone calling you
at night, calling your name,
or you hear a family
member calling you
from a bush or a forest or
like in my son's case, the side
of the driveway, it's not them.
They can mimic
voices and sounds,
and they can sound just like
someone you know calling you.
Also, if you hear a child--
>>NOORY: They sound
like that too?
>>PARKER: Oh, yeah.
>>NOORY: Like a kid
screaming in the wind.
>>PARKER: It's the male Bigfoot
that has that vocal range.
They sound like that,
and like the ones
you played where they
were calling Mommy,
the one did that for six months.
>>NOORY: They're like parrots.
>>PARKER: He kept calling,
Mommy, Mommy, come here.
Find me.
He kept doing anything
he could to try
to get you to go outside.
They want you to come look.
They want you to think, oh,
poor little kids out there.
We heard it twice
crying from the forest
like a child, a baby crying.
And you're looking at the
monitor, and you're thinking,
it's--
>>NOORY: It can't be, yeah.
>>PARKER: --1 o'clock
in the morning.
There ain't no baby
in that forest.
>>NOORY: Let's hope not.
>>PARKER: But it's crying.
It's going, wah, wah.
They do things, the most bizarre
things, to try to trick you.
And with us, it's
trial and error.
We learned by trial and error.
We learned by going through it.
We learned by being hit by
it, then going through it,
realizing it, and
then trying to adjust.
>>NOORY: Would you ever like
to see one up and personal?
>>PARKER: No.
>>NOORY: You have no
desire to see this.
>>PARKER: No, no, no.
I've seen them
through the scope.
My son has seen him
up and personal.
>>NOORY: That's
close enough for you.
>>PARKER: No, never.
Never.
>>NOORY: Christine,
how do people find you?
Your website?
>>PARKER: Yeah.
Yeah, I have a website, which
is 100bigfootnights.com.
>>NOORY: 100bigfootnights.com?
>>PARKER: Dot-com, uh-huh,
the same as the book series.
And on the website, they
can listen to the sounds.
They can watch the videos.
They don't have
to buy the books.
If you want to learn
more, and you want
to learn what happened to us--
>>NOORY: That's there for you.
>>PARKER: That's there for you.
Or you want to know why
Foxy's barking at it
or why that thing said,
"embar," when it says, "embar."
Yeah, you know, those things--
that's what the books are for.
>>NOORY: Arkansas will
never be the same, will it?
>>PARKER: No.
>>NOORY: Thanks for
being on the program.
>>PARKER: Thank
you for having me.
I'm sorry we didn't have-- I'm
sorry it's three years long.
>>NOORY: That's all right.
>>PARKER: Because I know
it's a disadvantage.
Thank you.
>>NOORY: For how many years have
we been talking about Bigfoot
and this incredible phenomenon
about this creature, whatever
it might be, with people
thinking it's extradimensional,
it's ETs, it's just the
missing link, it's an ape?
Who knows what it is?
All I know is it has scared
Christine Parker to death.
Be safe, and thanks for
watching Beyond Belief.
[THEME MUSIC]